Docs: Draft 2.4.2 release notes (#5105)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/release-notes/v2-4.md

We have enabled the [in-memory FIFO cache by default](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/4519) when no existing external cache is configured. This helps improve Loki's performance, however it will also allow Loki to consume more memory.

### v2.4.2 changes to defaults

Here is a list of limit defaults that have changed in v2.4.2:

| config | new default | old default |
| --- | --- | --- |
| parallelise_shardable_queries | true | false |
| split_queries_by_interval | 30m | 0s |
| query_ingesters_within | 3h | 0s |
| max_chunk_age | 2h | 1h |
| max_concurrent | 10 | 20 |

## Bug fixes

### 2.4.2 bug fixes
2.4.2 fixes these bugs:

> - [PR 4968](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/4968) **trevorwhitney**: Fixes a bug that caused a communication error between components during a query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [PR 4968](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/4968) **trevorwhitney**: Fixes a bug where a ruler could be wrongly returned when querying ingesters, causing an internal server error with `code = Unimplemented`. 
```

Author: Revised the item for PR 4968 a bit different than given in the suggestion. @DylanGuedes , please re-review.

Reviewer: looks great!

We have enabled the [in-memory FIFO cache by default](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/4519) when no existing external cache is configured. This helps improve Loki's performance, however it will also allow Loki to consume more memory.

### v2.4.2 changes to defaults

> Here is a list of limit defaults that have changed in v2.4.2:

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't we mention the PR that made these changes? https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/5077

| config | new default | old default |
| --- | --- | --- |
| parallelise_shardable_queries | true | false |
| split_queries_by_interval | 30m | 0s |
| query_ingesters_within | 3h | 0s |
| max_chunk_age | 2h | 1h |
| max_concurrent | 10 | 20 |

## Bug fixes

### 2.4.2 bug fixes
2.4.2 fixes these bugs:

- [PR 4968](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/4968) **trevorwhitney**: Fixes a bug in which querying ingesters wrongly returns a ruler,
causing the internal server error `code = Unimplemented`.
- [PR 4875](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/4875) **trevorwhitney**: Honor the replication factor specified in the common configuration block when `memberlist` is the consistent hash ring store.

> - [PR 4792](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/4792) **AndreZiviani**: Corrects the values of configuration options in the documentation for:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [PR 4792](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/4792) **AndreZiviani**: Corrects the default values of configuration options in the documentation for:
```
